Project/Scripts/README.md, before:

# Required Scripts

Upon submission, this directory contains the following scripts:

- `Databasemodel.sql`: A script with all the SQL code generated by DataGrip for your database schema and tables
- `Triggers.sql`: The SQL script implementing all trigger-based requirements for the project.
- `schema.sql`: Defines all tables and relationships for the multimedia database.
- `etl_load_data.py`: Python script to load data into the database.
- `Triggers.sql`: Implements all required triggers.
- `Functions.sql`: Implements all required functions.
- `Procedures.sql`: Implements all required procedures.
- `Events.sql`: Implements scheduled events.
- `business_logic.sql`: (Optional) Additional business logic queries.
- `example_inserts.sql`: (Optional) Example data inserts.
- `profile_data.py`: (Optional) Script for profile-related data tasks.


All scripts should be well-commented and readable,
ensuring that any developer can understand their purpose and functionality.

## Quick Start

1. Import `schema.sql` to create tables.
2. Run `etl_load_data.py` to load data.
3. Run each SQL script in Scripts/ for triggers, functions, procedures, events.
4. (Optional) Use `business_logic.sql` and `example_inserts.sql` for additional logic and sample data.

## Notes
- Each script is commented.
- For issues, check Error_Log table.

Commit message:

Add requirements.txt, polish README, finalize documentation and naming

Project/Scripts/README.md, after:

# Required Scripts

Upon submission, this directory contains the following scripts:

- `Databasemodel.sql`: A script with all the SQL code generated by DataGrip for your database schema and tables
- `Triggers.sql`: The SQL script implementing all trigger-based requirements for the project.
- `schema.sql`: Defines all tables and relationships for the multimedia database.
- `etl_load_data.py`: Python script to load data into the database.
- `Triggers.sql`: Implements all required triggers.
- `Functions.sql`: Implements all required functions.
- `Procedures.sql`: Implements all required procedures.
- `Events.sql`: Implements scheduled events.
- `business_logic.sql`: (Optional) Additional business logic queries.
- `example_inserts.sql`: (Optional) Example data inserts.
- `profile_data.py`: (Optional) Script for profile-related data tasks.


All scripts should be well-commented and readable,
ensuring that any developer can understand their purpose and functionality.

## Quick Start

1. Install Python dependencies:
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
2. Import `schema.sql` to create tables in your MySQL database.
3. Run `etl_load_data.py` to load and clean data from `../Datasets/Data.csv` into the database.
4. Run each SQL script in `Scripts/` for triggers (`Triggers.sql`), functions (`Functions.sql`), procedures (`Procedures.sql`), and events (`Events.sql`).
5. (Optional) Use `business_logic.sql` and `example_inserts.sql` for additional logic and sample data.
6. Use `Tests.sql` to verify business logic and trigger behavior.

## Dependencies
- Python 3.x
- MySQL server
- All required Python packages are listed in `requirements.txt`.

## Script Naming
- All script names in this README match the actual files in the `Scripts/` directory.

## Notes
- Each script is commented for clarity.
- For issues or trigger errors, check the `Error_Log` table in your database.
